when you talk about picking your career or a major in school there are
number of things that you need to consider and be very rational about
%HESITATION but I think it's important not to get too obsessive about
it because I've known many people in life who were absolutely certain
what they're gonna do with their life and it turned out to be
not at all but they wound up doing and they're very happy with where
they wound up in the known people who wander through life just taking
life as it came and they did pretty well too a but I think the most
important thing about life is to know who you are and what you're
good at because I think you can get into some real misery if you pick
a profession that does not make good use of your skills as a profession
the demands of you skills you don't have %HESITATION so I think
%HESITATION I can't think of anything somebody should have told
me other than I wish someone had told me early on in my career %HESITATION
Sedona make a list of things you're good at and I think you're
not good at and avoid all careers that require you to do things you're
not good at and don't make good use of the things for which you
are well suited